Docs: Add info and links about our hosted services to our grafana install docs (#38544)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/prometheus.md

Grafana includes built-in support for Prometheus. This topic explains options, variables, querying, and other options specific to the Prometheus data source. Refer to [Add a data source]({{< relref "add-a-data-source.md" >}}) for instructions on how to add a data source to Grafana. Only users with the organization admin role can add data sources.

## Hosted Prometheus

> You can run Prometheus on your own hardware or use [Grafana Cloud](https://grafana.com/products/cloud/features/#cloud-dashboards-grafana). The free forever plan includes Grafana, 10K Prometheus series, 50 GB logs and more. [Create a free account to get started](https://grafana.com/auth/sign-up/create-user?pg=doc-grafana-&plcmt=in-text).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run Grafana on premise, using your own infrastructure or on [Grafana Cloud](https://grafana.com/products/cloud/features/#cloud-dashboards-grafana) and get Grafana without the overhead of installing, maintaining, and scaling your observability stack. The free forever plan includes Grafana, 10K Prometheus series, 50 GB logs and more. [Create a free account](https://grafana.com/auth/sign-up/create-user?pg=docs-grafana-docker&plcmt=in-text) to get started.

```

Reviewer: Similar changes are needed in other topics.
